english3^female^brisbane^australia
english4^female^saint anne's bay^jamaica
english8^female^perth^australia
english22^female^panama city^panama
english28^male^toronto, ontario^canada
english29^female^lindsay, ontario^canada
english30^female^st. mary's, ontario^canada
english31^female^st. augustine^trinidad
english37^female^yole^india
english41^male^wellington, ne^zealand
english42^male^nigel, sout^africa
english43^male^vancouver, british columbia^canada
english48^male^port moresby, national capital district, papua ne^guinea
english52^male^calgary, alberta^canada
english61^male^toronto, ontario^canada
english64^female^montreal, quebec^canada
english69^male^adelaide^australia
english72^male^kilkenny^ireland
english73^male^darwin^australia
english77^male^melbourne^australia
english84^male^sydney^australia
english87^female^tamworth^australia
english91^male^kingston^jamaica
english101^female^toronto, ontario^canada
english105^male^windsor, ontario^canada
english111^male^bombay^india
english112^male^st. thomas, us virgi^islands
english119^female^saskatoon, saskatchewan^canada
english120^male^saskatoon, saskatchewan^canada
english122^female^kuala lumpur^malaysia
english125^male^st. george, queensland^australia
english130^male^port elizabeth, sout^africa
english132^female^toronto, ontario^canada
english136^male^calgary, alberta^canada
english140^male^quezon city^philippines
english144^male^barneys river, nova scotia^canada
english148^male^sydney^australia
english152^male^adelaide^australia
english153^male^brisbane^australia
english154^male^glace bay, nova scotia^canada
english156^male^dublin^ireland
english159^male^ottawa, ontario^canada
english172^male^kingston^jamaica
english174^female^kuching, sarawak^malaysia
english183^female^corriverton^guyana
english196^female^suva^fiji
english209^female^saint johns, antigua an^barbuda
english210^female^trenton, nova scotia^canada
english224^male^bridgetown^barbados
english230^male^launceston, tasmania^australia
english233^female^edmonton, alberta^canada
english238^female^vancouver, british columbia^canada
english239^male^fort kobbe^panama
english240^male^guelph, ontario^canada
english241^female^wanganui, ne^zealand
english243^male^fredericton, new brunswick^canada
english247^male^prince rupert, british columbia^canada
english253^male^dublin^ireland
english255^female^oamaru, ne^zealand
english258^male^kilkenny^ireland
english259^male^singapore^singapore
english269^female^adelaide^australia
english270^male^cape town, sout^africa
english271^female^cape town, sout^africa
english274^female^sydney^australia
english279^female^singapore^singapore
english280^female^ramsey, isle o^man
english285^male^melbourne^australia
english287^female^singapore^singapore
english291^male^belize city^belize
english294^female^naracoorte^australia
english295^male^airdrie, alberta^canada
english296^female^edmonton, alberta^canada
english298^male^lismore, new south wales^australia
english299^male^windsor, ontario^canada
english300^male^dublin^ireland
english301^male^toronto, ontario^canada
english302^male^melbourne^australia
english304^female^clare^ireland
english305^female^la paz^bolivia
english309^female^dunedin, ne^zealand
english312^female^edmonton, alberta^canada
english318^male^sarnia, ontario^canada
english320^female^maryland county^liberia
english322^male^yorkton, saskatchewan^canada
english323^female^regina, saskatchewan^canada
english324^male^st. marys, ontario^canada
english331^female^perth^australia
english338^female^sydney^australia
english348^female^las pinas^philippines
english352^male^singapore^singapore
english353^male^saskatoon, saskatchewan^canada
english354^female^christchurch, ne^zealand
english356^female^morden, manitoba^canada
english358^male^fredericton, new brunswick^canada
english359^male^	sackville, new brunswick^canada
english362^male^	cork^ireland
english364^female^	sydney^australia
english370^male^	pondicherry^india
english401^male^	lucerne^switzerland
english402^female^	canberra^australia
english403^female^	sydney^australia
english404^male^	windsor^australia
english405^female^	geelong^australia
english407^male^	windsor, ontario^canada
english409^female^	maitland^australia
english410^male^	hamilton, ne^zealand
english416^male^	sydney^australia
english418^male^	arlington^virginia
english420^male^	auckland, ne^zealand
english421^male^	landstuhl^germany
english430^female^	melbourne^australia
english432^female^	dublin^ireland
english436^female^	freeport, th^bahamas
english439^female^	richmond, british columbia^canada
english452^male^	newcastle^australia
english464^male^	ottawa, ontario^canada
english467^male^	pozzuoli^italy
english471^female^	calgary, alberta^canada
english472^male^	rota^spain
english478^male^	sydney, nova scotia^canada
english484^male^	dublin^ireland
english486^female^	corentyne^guyana
english489^female^	kingston^jamaica
english490^male^	auckland, ne^zealand
english491^female^	westmoreland^jamaica